README.md, before:

[![Default Lexicon](https://hosted.weblate.org/widget/modx-extras/ajaxupload/standard/svg-badge.svg)](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/modx-extras/ajaxupload/)

# AjaxUpload

Display an upload button for uploading multiple files with progress counter. The
upload queue could be filled and saved by FormIt hooks.

MODX Revolution Snippet and jQuery Script Wrapper for Andrew Valums great file
upload script (https://github.com/Valums-File-Uploader/file-uploader).

## Features

With this snippet an upload button for uploading multiple files with
progress counter is generated. Works well in FF3.6+, Safari4+, Chrome and falls
back to hidden iframe based upload in other browsers, providing good user
experience everywhere.

All uploaded files and generated thumbnails are given random filenames to avoid
hotlinking uploaded not published files. Automatic thumbnail generation for
uploaded jpeg, png and gif files. Other uploaded files will get a generic icon
the file extension.

With two FormIt hooks the upload queue could be pre filled from FormIt field
value and saved into FormIt field value. With a third FormIt hook uploaded
files could be attached to the FormIt mails.

For more information please read the [documentation](https://jako.github.io/AjaxUpload/).

## Installation

MODX Package Management

## Usage

Install via package manager and use the snippets and the FormIt hooks.

## License

The project is licensed under the [GPLv2 license](https://github.com/Jako/AjaxUpload/blob/master/core/components/ajaxupload/docs/license.md).

## Translations

Translations of the package can be made for the [Default Lexicon](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/modx-extras/ajaxupload/standard/), the [Properties Lexicon](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/modx-extras/ajaxupload/properties/) and the [System Setting Lexicon](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/modx-extras/ajaxupload/system-settings/)

Commit message:

Update to 2.0.0 - Add and remove some snippet properties of the snippets and hooks (see https://jako.github.io/AjaxUpload/migration/) - Support for multiple upload queues in the hooks of one form. - Switch from Valums-File-Uploader/file-uploader to pqina/filepond

README.md, after:

[![Default Lexicon](https://hosted.weblate.org/widget/modx-extras/ajaxupload/standard/svg-badge.svg)](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/modx-extras/ajaxupload/)

# AjaxUpload

Display an upload area for uploading multiple files in a form. The upload queues
can be filled and saved by FormIt hooks.

## Features

With the snippet an upload area for uploading multiple files in a form is
generated.

All uploaded files are given random filenames to avoid hotlinking uploaded not
published files.

With two FormIt hooks the upload queues can be pre-filled from FormIt field
value and saved into FormIt field value. With two other FormIt hooks the
uploaded files can be attached to the FormIt mails and deleted after the form
submit.

For more information please read the [documentation](https://jako.github.io/AjaxUpload/).

## Installation

MODX Package Management

## Usage

Install via package manager and use the snippets and the FormIt hooks.

## License

The project is licensed under the [GPLv2 license](https://github.com/Jako/AjaxUpload/blob/master/core/components/ajaxupload/docs/license.md).

## Translations

Translations of the package can be made for the [Default Lexicon](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/modx-extras/ajaxupload/standard/), the [Properties Lexicon](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/modx-extras/ajaxupload/properties/) and the [System Setting Lexicon](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/modx-extras/ajaxupload/system-settings/)
